almost time to get the show underway
Golden Globes red carpet
Golden Globes going up on a Sunday
better turn on NBC to turn up yup
Al Roker here from the today's show the
little gentleman so excited we part of
snapchat Golden Globes history yeah look
at Nancy O'Dell
sexiness hotness Golden Globes good look
at her good boy
you guys take questions again
she's very carefully done by security
professionals
we're on the stage getting strapped in
right now there we go that's the thing
that goes in there there's a microphone
somewhere coming this is
you have to say what are you trying to
bear it all over that will make sure
instead how do you feel tonight I love
you
I'm fun tonight okay that was the most
phenomenal red carpet I just met him all
Cluny for the first time George's wife
talked to Katie Hollis Jennifer Lopez oh
my goodness so now it's time to go to
this
the end of the red carpet as you can see
it's dead Akbar
hello it was a bit chaotic but I'm glad
I get to see Kevin Hart mom love you
so here I am I think I might be a little
bit late but better late than never as
they say and excited to be seeing some
of you
oh I feel tremendous I feel out of this
world it feels like every single moment
every struggle every obstacle it was so
worth it every time I fell on my how do
you feel right now I am I can't even
believe I feel like I've never been I've
never been flustered
the exceptional year and an exceptional
time really in a happy place towards
Wow